src/tools/docs/permission_nodes.md, before:

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED FILE! Do not edit this directly -->
<!-- File auto-generated on Sat Dec 05 21:18:25 CET 2015. See permissions/permission_nodes.tpl.md -->

## AuthMe Permission Nodes
The following are the permission nodes that are currently supported by the latest dev builds.

- **authme.admin.*** – Give access to all admin commands.
- **authme.admin.accounts** – Administrator command to see all accounts associated with a user.
- **authme.admin.changemail** – Administrator command to set or change the email address of a user.
- **authme.admin.changepassword** – Administrator command to change the password of a user.
- **authme.admin.converter** – Administrator command to convert old or other data to AuthMe data.
- **authme.admin.firstspawn** – Administrator command to teleport to the first AuthMe spawn.
- **authme.admin.forcelogin** – Administrator command to force-login an existing user.
- **authme.admin.getemail** – Administrator command to get the email address of a user, if set.
- **authme.admin.getip** – Administrator command to get the last known IP of a user.
- **authme.admin.lastlogin** – Administrator command to see the last login date and time of a user.
- **authme.admin.purge** – Administrator command to purge old user data.
- **authme.admin.purgebannedplayers** – Administrator command to purge all data associated with banned players.
- **authme.admin.purgelastpos** – Administrator command to purge the last position of a user.
- **authme.admin.register** – Administrator command to register a new user.
- **authme.admin.reload** – Administrator command to reload the plugin configuration.
- **authme.admin.setfirstspawn** – Administrator command to set the first AuthMe spawn.
- **authme.admin.setspawn** – Administrator command to set the AuthMe spawn.
- **authme.admin.spawn** – Administrator command to teleport to the AuthMe spawn.
- **authme.admin.switchantibot** – Administrator command to toggle the AntiBot protection status.
- **authme.admin.unregister** – Administrator command to unregister an existing user.
- **authme.player.*** – Permission to use all player (non-admin) commands.
- **authme.player.allow2accounts** – Permission for users to allow two accounts.
- **authme.player.bypassantibot** – Permission node to bypass AntiBot protection.
- **authme.player.bypassforcesurvival** – Permission for users to bypass force-survival mode.
- **authme.player.canbeforced** – Permission for users a login can be forced to.
- **authme.player.captcha** – Command permission to use captcha.
- **authme.player.changepassword** – Command permission to change the password.
- **authme.player.email.add** – Command permission to add an email address.
- **authme.player.email.change** – Command permission to change the email address.
- **authme.player.email.recover** – Command permission to recover an account using it's email address.
- **authme.player.login** – Command permission to login.
- **authme.player.logout** – Command permission to logout.
- **authme.player.register** – Command permission to register.
- **authme.player.seeotheraccounts** – Permission for user to see other accounts.
- **authme.player.unregister** – Command permission to unregister.
- **authme.player.vip** – Permission node to identify VIP users.

Commit message:

#415 Move some permission nodes out of authme.player.* - Move certain permission nodes outside of the authme.player branch - Update classes / permissions list - Remove wildcard node from code completely (since not used)

src/tools/docs/permission_nodes.md, after:

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED FILE! Do not edit this directly -->
<!-- File auto-generated on Sat Jan 09 10:32:24 CET 2016. See permissions/permission_nodes.tpl.md -->

## AuthMe Permission Nodes
The following are the permission nodes that are currently supported by the latest dev builds.

- **authme.admin.*** – Give access to all admin commands
- **authme.admin.accounts** – Administrator command to see all accounts associated with a user.
- **authme.admin.changemail** – Administrator command to set or change the email address of a user.
- **authme.admin.changepassword** – Administrator command to change the password of a user.
- **authme.admin.converter** – Administrator command to convert old or other data to AuthMe data.
- **authme.admin.firstspawn** – Administrator command to teleport to the first AuthMe spawn.
- **authme.admin.forcelogin** – Administrator command to force-login an existing user.
- **authme.admin.getemail** – Administrator command to get the email address of a user, if set.
- **authme.admin.getip** – Administrator command to get the last known IP of a user.
- **authme.admin.lastlogin** – Administrator command to see the last login date and time of a user.
- **authme.admin.purge** – Administrator command to purge old user data.
- **authme.admin.purgebannedplayers** – Administrator command to purge all data associated with banned players.
- **authme.admin.purgelastpos** – Administrator command to purge the last position of a user.
- **authme.admin.register** – Administrator command to register a new user.
- **authme.admin.reload** – Administrator command to reload the plugin configuration.
- **authme.admin.seeotheraccounts** – Permission to see the other accounts of the players that log in.
- **authme.admin.setfirstspawn** – Administrator command to set the first AuthMe spawn.
- **authme.admin.setspawn** – Administrator command to set the AuthMe spawn.
- **authme.admin.spawn** – Administrator command to teleport to the AuthMe spawn.
- **authme.admin.switchantibot** – Administrator command to toggle the AntiBot protection status.
- **authme.admin.unregister** – Administrator command to unregister an existing user.
- **authme.allowmultipleaccounts** – Permission to be able to register multiple accounts.
- **authme.bypassantibot** – Permission node to bypass AntiBot protection.
- **authme.bypassforcesurvival** – Permission for users to bypass force-survival mode.
- **authme.player.*** – Permission to use all player (non-admin) commands.
- **authme.player.canbeforced** – Permission for users a login can be forced to.
- **authme.player.captcha** – Command permission to use captcha.
- **authme.player.changepassword** – Command permission to change the password.
- **authme.player.email.add** – Command permission to add an email address.
- **authme.player.email.change** – Command permission to change the email address.
- **authme.player.email.recover** – Command permission to recover an account using it's email address.
- **authme.player.login** – Command permission to login.
- **authme.player.logout** – Command permission to logout.
- **authme.player.register** – Command permission to register.
- **authme.player.unregister** – Command permission to unregister.
- **authme.vip** – Permission node to identify VIP users.
